# MOON PIXEL BASE
#### Video Demo: https://youtu.be/nR-hQi-6aCQ
#### Description:  MOON PIXEL BASE is a responsive, interactive experience allowing you to make your virtual mark on the moon.
  The site was designed using templates made with Material Design Bootstrap components. Upon loading the site, a parallaxed image of the moon greets the user, and the title and some navigation is loaded with an animation. If the user scrolls down there is a poem about the moon that was written by an AI. From here the user can go to create, explore, or they can enter a value into the search box. Create allows the user to make their own pixel print and leave it at PIXEL MOON BASE for others to check out, clicking each button activates a checkbox. This wound up being the biggest technical challenge of the project. Many days were spent trying to figure out why the button and checkboxes weren't linking correctly. It turns out the label tags needed to surround the input for it to work. Explore is the place for the user to see their pixel print. It is automatically called when the user creates a print, and they can also enter a print id into the search bar to find previously created pixel prints. If no id is entered the system will pull the most recent pixel print and display that. For the design, I selected the parallaxed moon background because it gave a good sense of movement over the moon. I picked colors reminiscent of incandescent control panel lights of the Apollo era. Pixels are stored using a sqlite3 database. User created pixel prints are stored with sequential id numbers, and users can record the id of their own pixel to share it with others or return to it later. Using Flask was mostly pretty easy, and most of the challenges in the project arose from the use of custom linked buttons that used javascript tools to animate and execute their functions. Once these buttons were working correctly, the site came together very quickly, and a couple days of testing and making changes allowed me to work out most of the bugs. Getting the site to look good on mobile devices was also a challenge, and may not have ended up as the best possible solution, but overall the site works pretty well on even the smallest screens.
  The index page contains a title card, and links to the two other pages userc can access. If the user scrolls down they will see a short poem that was written by the GPL-3 language engine. Clicking the explore link take the user to the explore page, and the backend calls up the most recent pixel print to display to the user. If the user calls a specific print using the search function, that print will be rendered below the title card. If the user reached the explore page from the create function, they will be shown their new creation. If the user clicks on the create button, they will be taken to the create page where they can click on the buttons to create a pixel print that they would like to store at moon pixel base. once they hit create, the form is sent to a sqlite3 database and stored with a new id. the user is shown the new id along with their pixel print on the next page. users can share this id with others if they would like, or they can save it to return to their pixel prints later.